New Topic: C# with a few initial concepts and terms (#1017)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/arrays/terms/clear/clear.md

---
Title: '.Clear()'
Description: 'Clears the contents of an array, returning each element to its default value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The `.Clear()` method is used to clear the contents of an array, returning each element to its default value.

## Syntax

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cs
```

Reviewer: This looks like it should be a block of C# code.

Reviewer 2: @HishamT for syntax sections we use pseudo blocks.

// Clears the array myArray

> Array.Clear(myArray);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
myArray.Clear(myArray);
```

// Clears N elements from myArray starting at index

> Array.Clear(myArray, index, N);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
myArray.Clear(myArray, index, N);
```

```

> `.Clear()` is a static method of the `Array` object. Used with just an array as an argument, it clears the whole array. It can also be called with an array, a start index, and a number, to clear that number of elements starting at the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.Clear()` is a static method of the `Array` object. When it is called with just an array as an argument, it clears the whole array. When it is called with an array, a start index, and a number, it clears the number amount of elements in the array starting from the start index.
```

> `.Clear()` is a static method of the `Array` object. When it is called with just an array as an argument, it clears the whole array. When it is called with an array, a start index, and a number, it clears the number amount of elements in the array starting from the start index.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`.Clear()` is a static method of the `Array` object. When it is called with just an array as an argument, it clears the whole array. When it is called with an array, a start index, and a number, it clears `N` amount of elements in the array starting from the specified `index`.
```

## Example

> The following example initializes `myArray` with values, then clears it:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example initializes `myArray` with values, clears it from a specified index, up to the length of the array using [`.Length`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/c-sharp/arrays/length):
```

```cs
using System;

public class Example
{
  public static void Main(string[] args)
  {
    int[] myArray = {0, 1, 2, 3, 4};

>     Array.Clear(myArray);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Array.Clear(myArray, 0, myArray.Length);
```
